What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  git init creates a file called .git within the directory. This allows for the
  meta data for each version to be saved, which will allow for recall later
  if I need it. Without this init process, the data relating to the commits would
  not have a place to live.

  git status showed the current status of git, branch, working directory, number
  of commits and a listing of files being tracked.

  git add ____ allows for adding a file to the staging area.
  git commit____ will then commit the file.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

  The staging area is held in the .git area and is only temporarily there to hold
  data that is planned to be committed later. The staging area allows for working
  on a single file or a few files without altering, or creating a commit record
  for other files within the working directory.

  git diff will also compare the working files with what is in the staging area

  git diff --staged will allow a comparison between the repository and the
  staging area.

  git reset --hard will eliminate the changes that were made to all files in the
  working directory or the staging area.

  git checkout master re-attaches the head and allows working on the master commit

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  By comparing the staging area prior to a commit it is easy to see the incremental
  changes that occur while creating a program.

  git branch will display what branch is selected and what active branches are
  available.

  git branch _______ will create a new branch as labeled.

  checkout ______ with the branch label will switch to the branch.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

  For creating different potential solutions to a problem or program display path
  Branches with commits will allow for an easy method to jump between the code
  for each of the paths.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  They clarify what is reachable and give a quick reference understanding of
  what the working paths are at this time.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

  It uses each branches code and merges it. The visual representation provides
  a great visual representation.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

  It saves time for standard merges while allowing me to look over more complex
  ones.
